![](media/image1.emf){width="0.8888888888888888in" height="0.8125in"}**\
Website ideas for E3 Kenya/Sisterherd Strong**

(Items with questions marks are asking for an opinion!)

**Overall theme/feeling to convey through colors/fonts/words**

Convey a sense of caring, love, sisterhood, community, strength, calm,
peaceful, warmth, friendliness

Use variations of colors in the logo on each page

**Encourage, Engage, Empower** and **Sisterherd Strong** on every page
at bottom?

Use elephant logo as a navigation guide or as a Button to donate? (see
below for Donation section)

Friendly, inviting, easy to read fonts such as: Merriweather, Raleway,
Crimson Text, Montserrat, Poppins; mix serif and sans serif/one style
for headings and another for text? (Just some fonts that I goggled for
examples of what I like)

**Sections**

**Welcome to our Sisterherd**

***Our Vision: A Kenya Where Every Woman and Girl Has the Opportunity to
Make Her Own Decisions***

At E3 we believe in a world where every Kenyan girl and woman is
empowered to be an active participant in shaping her own life and
community. We don't just bring solutions; we work hand-in-hand with
local women and girls to develop sustainable programs that reflect their
needs and aspirations.

***Our Mission: To Encourage, Engage, and Empower Kenyan Girls and Women
through dialogue and community-inspired projects, increasing the number
of those who become active participants in their own decision-making.***

Whether it's through education, mentorship, or creating
income-generating programs, we are committed to engaging with and
empowering Kenyan girls and women as they seek greater freedoms and
opportunities in their communities.

*Still have 2 more paragraphs to add on why we chose the ele and
participatory non-profit*

**Meet the Herd**

At the heart of our mission to encourage, engage, and empower Kenyan
girls and women is a diverse and dedicated Board of Directors who bring
a wealth of experience, expertise, and passion, providing strategic
leadership and governance while ensuring that all programs align with
our vision and mission. This Sisterherd transcends international
borders, including women from the United States and Kenya, all of whom
represent various sectors of the community, including education, public
health, business, and philanthropy. As advocates for our Sisterherd,
they offer invaluable insights, connections, and support to strengthen
our impact. Together, we are working hand-in-hand with Kenyan girls and
women as we seek to hear all of their voices roaring!

*Biographical info for 10 Board Members to be added.*

**Herd Initiatives**

Currently, we are working on an exciting initiative in partnership with
MWEGO, a women's empowerment group in Maasai Mara, to produce reusable,
eco-friendly menstrual pads in the United States and then distribute the
pads to adolescent girls in Kenya. But, through this Osiligi Pad
Project, we did more than deliver 2,500 menstrual pads - an E3 team
traveled to the Mara in October 2024 with 5 portable sewing machines and
a desire to teach sewing skills, so that the girls and women can create
a self-sustaining program that meets a critical need in their
communities. During this three-day training session, our Sisterherd
Strong team engaged with 25 women and 10 adolescent girls as they
learned how to cut out patterns and sew the pads. At the end of the
training session the pads were handed out to 5 area representatives for
distribution in their local school. Plans are underway for a team to
return in June for another training session.

And this is just the beginning. A Sisterherd Strong board member has
distributed 300 pads in western Kenya and we are working with colleagues
to deliver pads to 2 locations in Nairobi. Once we complete follow-up
evaluations from our initial distribution, the Sisterherd Strong Pad
Project will be expanded to other areas. At the same time, we will
encourage and welcome other projects that further our vision and our
mission.

**Our Herd Needs You**

*Both volunteer and donation options will be listed here, along with a
Donate button leading to our bank account in the US, once it is set up*

**Herd Chronicles**

*Videos and pictures from training to be added*

*Stories from the trip to be added*

**Footer**

Organization address and contact info

Logos from any supporting companies/organizations

DONATE button?
